ST. MATTRESS COMPANY

ST. MATTRESS OF COPMPANIES Lf

LATEX PILLOW

Our 100% natural latex pillow is the perfect addition to any
mattress. Soft, yet supportive, our pillow provides unparalleled
comfort. This is the perfect finishing touch for your new bed. The
pinhole design and open cell structure of the latex foam allow air
to flow through the pillow, keeping you cool. The size of the Latex
pillow suppliedis 24” x 16"x 4".

NECK PILLOW

A neck pillow is a specially designed pillow that supports your
neck and head in a natural position. Neck pillow is designed to
create a natural resting position for your head that maintains the
lordotic curve of your spine.

BED SHEETS

We offer an exclusive collection of Bed Sheet Sets. Our Bed Sheets are
offered with Pillow Covers. Bed sheet Sets provided by us are available in
attractive designs and patterns to suit the ambience of your bedroom. Our
bed sheet sets make the bedroom modish with their captivating designs
and styles. All our bed sheets are easy to wash, smooth feeling and high
quality. We provide both low priced bed sheets which are given free with
mattresses and high end bed sheets for retail sells. We supply both
polyester and 100% cotton bedsheets as per the customer requirements.

COMFORTER

Our comforters are designed to keep you warm and cosy. Perfect
for usage during mild winters and in air conditioned rooms, these
lightweight comforters are perfect for everyday use.

- 100 percent Microfiber

- Comforter features dual reversible colors

- Packaged in.a bag with zipper

: Available sizes:90X 100 INCHES & 90 X 60 INCHES

ST. MATTRESS OF COPMPANIES Lf

MATTRESS PROTECTORS

Mattress protector is used to avoid your mattress from dusting and it
provides you some cushioning as well. It is also given free with the
mattresses these days for sales promotions. We supply these mattress
protectors in various qualities as per the client's requirements.

MATTRESS TOPPERS

Improve the comfort and support of your existing mattress with ~»
mattress toppers. It is a layer of comfort layer usually 1" or 2" of
thickness which is fixed on the existing mattress. It revives the
existing mattress with a smaller investment. We can manufacture
these mattress topes in any size and thickness. We provide
mattress toppers in the following materials

- Super soft foam mattress toppers
- Memory Foam Mattress toppers
- Natural Latex Foam Mattress Toppers

MATTRESS

We can manufacture any mattress with any combinations and any
finish as per client's requirements under client's brand name. We can
provide the best prices for the mattresses, as we have all most all the
raw materials required for mattresses being manufactures in house.
We can be your manufacturing partners. We can supply you the
mattresses as per your specifications with best of the quality and you
can get rid of the manufacturing and just concentrate your time and
money only on marketing.

The mattress various types manufactured by us are as being
mentioned below. We supply any combinations of any of these types.

- Coir Mattress

- Epe Mattress

- Foam Mattress

- Rebounded Foam Mattress

- Memory Foam Mattress

- Natural Rubber Latex Foam Mattress

- Bonnel Spring Mattress

- Pocket Spring Mattress

ST. MATTRESS OF COPMPANIES Lf

PU FOAM

Our foams are manufactured with ultra modern German
Technology from Hennecke GmbH. It provides a very fine cell
structure and strength to the foam. We make sure the resilience and
tensile strength of the foams are maintained well which further
helps to retain its bouncing nature and does not allow the foam to
tearing on stretching.

We manufactures a wide range of foams.

- Qur range of products includes pure flexible Foam
Commercial foam, premium foam etc.

- We make foams of densities varying from 9 density to
50 density.

- We manufacture foams of different thicknesses, different
colors and different qualities as per clients requirements.

SUPER SOFT FOAM

We manufacture super soft foams for extra comfort and softness.
These foams are generally used as mattress toppers or the comfort
layers for sofas and mattresses, We can make super soft foam of
any density, as per the client's requirement.

‘We generally manufacture super soft foam in 23 and 32 density.

REBONDED FOAMS

Rebonded foams are made from a combination of multiple
densities of foam which are broken down and re-bonded under
mechanical pressure into new blocks of consistent High Density
Rebonded Material, which are then cut into desired length and
width. The rebonding recycle process is carried out in the presence
of special adhesives that makes it durable, strong and versatile.
Rebonded foam possesses high sound and shock absorption
properties. Use of a scientific foam to adhesive ratio gives our
Rebonded Foam high tensile strength, % elongation and tear
resistance. It is mainly used for mattress making and other various
applications. Due to it's hardness it provides back support and
cushioning for great comfort.
+ We manufacture rebounded foams from 70 density
to 120 density.

MEMORY FOAM / MEMORY GEL FOAM

Memory foam was developed in 1966 under a contract by NASA's
Ames Research Center to improve the safety of aircraft cushions.
Memory foam consists mainly of polyurethane as well as additional
chemicals increasing its viscosity and density. It is often referred to
as “viscoelastic” polyurethane foam, or low-resilience polyurethane
foam (LRPu). Higher-density memory foam softens in reaction to
body heat, allowing it to mold to a warm body ina few minutes.

* Wemanufacture memory foam of any thickness and size.
* Wenormally manufacture memory foam in 65 density but
wecan provide other density as per client's requirement.

LAMINATION FOAM

Our lamination foam is structurally tuned in such a way that the
thickness loss after flame lamination is minimum and the composite will
have maximum bonding strength. In order to do so, the cell structure, cell
size distribution, cell orientation and the porosity of the foams is tuned
properly. This foam is a perfect medium for flame and glue laminations

with various normal and technical textiles or leather.

- We normally manufacture lamination foam of density 13, 16, 18
and 23 but we can manufacture lamination foam of any density

as per the client's requirement.
- These foams are available in roll form having a joint in every
28 meters.

- Wecan provide the thickness of the sheet fram 4 mm onwards.

PEELED / ROLLED FOAMS

We manufacture peeled foam rolls for various industries. These
rolled foam in used extensively in quilting applications for mattress
manufacturing, Peeled foam is obtained by cutting polyurethane
foam long blocks with a special machine. These machines are set
and adjusted as per required thickness and width of the foam rolls.
We can make peeled foam of different thicknesses, different
hardnesses, different colors, and different characteristics. We
conduct the production of peeled foam with respect to our
customer's needs.

We can manufacture peeled or rolled foams in any
density and minimum of 4 mm thickness onwards.

ST. MATTRESS OF COPMPANIES Lf
CONVOLUTED FOAM /
EGG CRATE PROFILED FOAM

Profile foam is used for mattress manufacturing. It has
great medical properties. It helps in reducing bed sores. It
also allows air to pass through the foam which reduces
the temperature of the foam.
Profile Foam is a great product for reducing noise
reverberating inside a room or an enclosure. Most
commonly used in areas were sound needs to be
dampened such as studios and cinema rooms. Small
enclosures such as boxing in shower pumps and
machinery enclosures would also benefit from its
acoustic properties.

Any density of foarn can be convoluted as per
the clients requirement of foam thickness.

ST. MATTRESS OF COPMPANIES |

HR FOAM ( HIGH RESILIENCE FOAM )

The highest grade of polyurethane foam is HR foam. It is extremely
responsive and offers very good support to your back. These foams
are open celled foams due to which they have high responsiveness.
Our range of high resilience foams distributes the pressure, thus
reducing pressure points for ultimate comfort.

FOAMS BLOCKS

We can supply the foams as blocks also

4

~= Tee,



A fire fighting foam is simply a stable mass of small air-filled
bubbles, which have a lower density than oil, gasoline or water. Our
special fire Retardant foams not only slow down the fire but also get
self-extinguished. These foams can be made using polyether polyol
or polyester polyol. fire Retardant foams major application are
Building and construction, automotives and transportation.

- These fire retardant foam can be manufactured in any density
as per the customer's requirement.

ST. MATTRESS OF COPMPANIES Lf

SPRINGS/ SPRINGSTRUCTURES

BONNEL SPRING UNIT

Bonnel Spring is the oldest spring type technology and is currently
widely used in the entry-level spring mattresses.
Bonnell springs are hourglass-shaped, and the ends of the wire are
knotted or wrapped around the top and bottom circular portion of
the coiland self-tied.
Allthe individual spring are then tied together using spring wire, and
the completed structure is reinforced with a strong border wire to
retain shape.

- We can provide bonnel spring structures in 125mm and

145mm height.

- Wecanalso provide Bonnel springs in various forms and with

additional accessories as per the customer's requirements,

Few of them are stated below:-

1) Bonnel Individual springs

2) Bonnel spring structure with wire border

3) Bonnel Spring Structure without wire border

4) Bonnel Spring Structure with wire border and felt

POCKET SPRING UNIT

i“ Pocketed Spring mattresses are a newer and a more superior type
of spring mattress. In a Pocketed spring mattress the springs are
wrapped inside an individual fabric case. Automated machines coil
the wires and seal the coil inside the fabric encasement. Pocket
Spring cross section Once wrapped, these individual springs are
attached to each other to maintain the shape of the mattress. Since
only the fabric encasement is attached the coils inside can move
independently of the springs adjacent toit.

< -

»

“*

= “
»
«!
ri
5
,

- Allour Pocket spring structures come with a layer of non woven
fabric on top and bottom of the structures.

- We can provide Pocket spring structures in 120 mm and
155 mm height.

- Wecanalso provide the pocket structures in various forms and
with additional accessories for making the finished mattress.
Few of the combinations and variations are as under:-

1) Simple pocket spring structure.

2) Wire Border pocket spring structure,

3) Single wire Border pocket spring structure.

4) Wire Border with felt, Pocket Spring Structure

ST. MATTRESS OF COPMPANIES Lf

LATEXFOAM

Natural latex is made from the milk of the rubber tree. natural rubber latex foam has
been produced from natural rubber latex with centrifugation and addition of foaming
agent to create an air-filled matrix structure. Latex foam rubber, used in mattresses, is
well known for its endurance. The main physical properties of foam rubber are
generalized as being ‘cushioning performance, thermal and acoustic insulation and
impact dampening". Natural rubber is resistant to dust mites and other allergens that
common polyurethane foams are susceptible to building up over time. Natural rubber is
significantly more elastic than full synthetic or blended latex. This means it is able to
stretch more without breaking and to rebound similarly to a steel spring which makes
fora much more responsive and supportive foam. This elasticity is the basic foundation
of what makes natural rubber so desirable.

- We manufacture natural rubber latex sheets in fixed sizes as below:-
75"x36"x 1/2" slab.
75’x36"x 1" single side pin core.
75"x 36" x 2” single side and both side pin core.
75" x 36" x 2” single side medium hole.
75"x36"x3" single side and both side Pin core.
75"x36"x 3" single side medium hole.
7 75"x 36" x 4" single side and both side Pin core.
4 75"x36"x 4’ single side medium hole.
- Wecanmake customise to any sizes as per the customer requirement,
ifthe quantities are huge.

-
=a
<a

a

TeeCeeeer
bee eeueere

Expanded polyethylene or EPE is non-crosslinked, closed-cell polyethylene foam made
from low-density polyethylene (LDPE) resins. EPE foam has good thermal
insulationproperties and is also waterproof, thus it has large number of packaging
applications. We manufacture high quality EPE foam with different dimensions. These
days EPE foam is used extensively in manufacturing of mattresses. The EPE foams
helps in reducing the prices of the mattress as it is used as one of the layers in the
mattresses to increase the mattress thickness.

+ The company manufactures EPE sheets in both sheets and roll forms.
+ The sheets are provided in any thickness as per the requirement of the customer.
+ The rolls can be provided with minimum thickness of 2mm and

the maximum of 10mm.
+ The width of the rolls (upto § mm thickness) is 57" and above 5 mm of thickness

the roll width are 54”.

ST. MATTRESS OF COPMPANIES Lf

RUBBERIZED COIR SHEET

Rubberized Coir sheets are manufactured by processing coconut

coir fibre with latex solution. While coir (coconut fibre) by itself

does not have any resilience, once processed with latex solution,

the sheet gets resilience. We are a trusted Manufacturer and

Supplier of Rubberised Coir Sheets that are well-acclaimed

among the clients due to their qualitative features. This

Rubberised Coir Sheet can be availed in various dimensions to

meet the demands of the clients.

-The company manufactures rubberised coir sheets ranging
from 50 density to 120 density.

- [tcan provide minimum of 2" thickness and maximum of 6"
thickness in any size required by the client.

REINFORCED COIR SHEET
( POLYESTER COIR SHEET )

This is a unique product with advanced features than the regular
rubberized coir. Major components of this product are coir fibre and
low melt polyester fibre. This combination makes the mattress
mechanically more strong with natural comfort, firm support,
allows for air circulation and is non absorbent. Polyester fibre do not
degrade over a period like natural latex, hence providing a longer
life. Our polyester reinforced coir sheets have vertical lapping
technology which provides great cushioning in the product.

_All regular mattress sizes can be produced.
. Thickness from 20 mmto 150mm.
. Density from 60 kg/m*3 to 150 kg/m'*3

PP NON WOVEN FABRIC

Reckoned for properties like wear resistant, high material strength,
durability and weatherproof ability, our PP spunbond non woven fabric is
of unmatched standards. We make it available in a vast variety of grades.
Buyers can purchase Fabric from us as per requirements. We are one of
the leading Manufacturers & Suppliers of premium non woven Fabric. Itis
suitable for making different types of packaging and carry bags,
Ultrasonic shopping bag, Gown, Interior Liners, Crop Covers, Curtains,
shopper bags, Bed Spread, Seat Covers

* We manufacture PP non woven fabric from 16 GSM to 150 GSM
in 63" width for general purpose

- We canalso provide 80" width of non woven fabric for quilting
purpose.

ST. MATTRESS OF COPMPANIES Lf

MATTRESS EDGE TAPE

The company is the noted Manufacturer of high quality Mattress Edge Tape.
It is widely used as beeding of the mattress. For the manufacturing of our
tape, we make use of the finest quality raw materials. The manufacturing
process is conducted under the supervision of experts and thus there are
minimal chances of flaws at buyer's end. Buyers can obtain Mattress Edge
Tape in bulk and at very affordable rates from us. We provide Tapes in various
colours and designs.

QUILTED FABRIC

We provide quilted fabric for mattresses.

- Wehave the most advanced multi needle quilting machines which can
quilt upto 50 mm of foam.

- Wecan provide any type of quilted fabric in any thickness of quilt as per
the requirement of the client.

- Weuse only peeled foam for the quilting therefore our quilts will have the
foam joint after every 28 meters.

- Wecan provide quilting in memory foam as well.

\ MOULDED SEAT CUSHIONS

The company also manufactures moulded injection foam. We offer wide
range of moulded seats cushions for the best comfort ability. These seats
\ are manufactured under the guidance of our experts ensuring the clients
satisfaction. We design these seats for various purpose for their best
comfort with smooth and soft layer of high quality foam.
- We provide these moulded seats cushions in PU foam as well asin
memory foam.

\ - Wecan make any shape and side of the cushions as per the
requirment of the client.

MATTRESS FABRICS

We supply various kind of mattress fabrics with various GSM and designs.
Different kind of products available with us are:

- Warp knitted cloth (imported China Cloth)
- Polyester cotton fabric

- Satin fabrics

- Jacquard Fabrics

- Knitted Fabrics.

- Towel Jacquard Fabrics

ST. MATTRESS OF COPMPANIES Lf

COMPRESSED MATTRESS & FOAM

We can also provide mattress & foams in compressed form.

PILLOW

FOAM PILLOW

Made up of PU foam covered with cotton cloth. Provides gentle yet
firm support to your head and neck in any sleeping position, and
also avoids neck pain.Foam pillow gives excellent comfort and
durability. Foam pillow is specially treated for protection against
bugs and allergens. We can provide these pillows in any size.

MEMORY FOAM PILLOW

Memory foam, also referred to as visco elastic foam, is foamed
polyurethane with additional chemicals which increase its density
and viscosity. Superior quality, long lasting, as you can twist these
pillows, roll them as much as you want, they simply return to their
original shape as soon as the pressure is released. Memory foam
pillows perfectly mould to the shape of the body, back or neck,
thus providing pain relief. The size of the memory pillow supplied
is24’x 16"x4",

S

MEMORY CONTOUR PILLOW

Asleep pillow with a curved design that adapts to head, neck and
shoulder contour for back sleepers and side sleepers. Sleep more
deeply and wake up with less pain and stiffness. The therapeutic
design of this contour pillow adapts to your head, neck and
shoulders to provide the enhanced support and gentle alignment
you need, plus the comfort you want. The size of memory contour
pillowis 21"x 14"x3.5".

